Brother Chen, let's go
Brother Su, when did you learn medical skills?
Ah, right.
Everyone has the impression that you are not doing your job properly
He actually knows medical skills. He is usually low-key
In fact, he is a rare talent.
I read a few medical books
Good luck.
What a pity!
This Ye Chen will go to Baicaotang to buy medicine in a blink of an eye
Grandpa Hill
Confused broken bone prescription filled
Received the high praise of Grandpa Hill
To match Hill and Ye Chen
Still can't escape the order of the harem
Su Shao, what are you thinking about?
Ah, nothing, nor is Qin Mengyao
Southern Xiangmu is the big pit dug by Ye Chen and Qin Tianlong
Just to make Qin Mengyao lose a lot
Shake your position in the Qin family
Then Qin Tianlong took the decree
Brother Su, come with me
Oh, come with me, oh no
Let's go, brother Yi
In fact, he knew he was wrong
He's just a little embarrassed.
It's not easy for you to chase him for so many years
Don't worry, I'll hook you up.
It's a movie ticket.
He will watch a movie with you tonight
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
Oh, you must come!
Oops, go, go, go
Cher just had a little situation
I have to go out
Can you wait for me here, brother pig?
I booked a queen room at Jinling Hotel
Hope you like it.
No, I didn't know that.